v3: Update documentation w.r.t getMaxTimeStep(). (#258)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/couple-your-code/couple-your-code-steering-methods.md

```cpp
SolverInterface( String participantName, String configurationFileName, int rank, int size );
void initialize();
void advance ( double computedTimeStepSize );
void finalize();
```

What do they do?

* `initialize` establishes communication channels and sets up data structures of preCICE.

> * `advance` needs to be called after the computation of every timestep to _advance_ the coupling. As an argument, you have to pass the solver's last timestep size (`dt`). Additionally, it maps coupling data between the coupling meshes, it communicates coupling data between the coupled participants, and it accelerates coupling data. One could say the complete coupling happens within this single function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `advance` needs to be called after the computation of every time step to _advance_ the coupling. As an argument, you have to pass the solver's last time step size (`dt`). Additionally, it maps coupling data between the coupling meshes, it communicates coupling data between the coupled participants, and it accelerates coupling data. One could say the complete coupling happens within this single function.
```

Author: Done via merge https://github.com/precice/precice.github.io/pull/259

double preciceDt; // maximum precice timestep size
double dt; // actual time step size

precice.initialize();

> preciceDt = getMaxTimeStepSize();

Reviewer: Move before "min" below

Author: Done.

while (not simulationDone()){ // time loop
  solverDt = beginTimeStep(); // e.g. compute adaptive dt
  dt = min(preciceDt, solverDt); // more about this in Step 5
  solveTimeStep(dt);
  precice.advance(dt);

>   preciceDt = getMaxTimeStepSize();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done.
